1. ADDITION OF NEW RADIO WITH ITS SENSITIVITY TABLE
	A container with a form is created where user will enter the data for the new radio.
    This container will be visible when plus sign beside the Link Summary is clicked.
    In the new radio form we need to enter the details of gain, transmit power for the radio, also user need to tell
    whether they want sensitivity table till mcs 9 or 11 by selecting from a dropdown.
    As the selection is made from dropdowntables for 20, 40 and 80 MHz are created .
    in the tables user need to provide the sensitivity for each mcs and the throughput.
    after entering the details user clicks on "Add New Radio" button
    The form willl be closed and the ptp page will be visible with extended menu of the radios.
    The sensitivity tables are also available in the table containers(not visible to users).
    CHANGES IN FILES: 
        ptp.html - new form created , radio dropdown options value now gain and tx power
        functionalititesptp.js - 
            1. radio event listener function changed, checkBandwisth() changed, 
            calcTxPower changed, deviceinfo() changed. 
            2. new function created namely "checkRadios()",
            3. function checkRadios() called in function ptpctryChange() under file ctrySelect.js().
    NEWLY ADDED FILES:
            1. newRadio.js
            2. newRadioValidation.js 
            3. newRadio.css
            
                    

2. FADE MARGIN CALCULATIONS
    Previously Fade Margin was calculated based on the sensitivity of the table of bandwidth table and the RSL.
    Now, We will ask user for the Bandwidth that they want to recieve say 100 Mbps.
    Based on the bandwidth we check the throughput from the table for the match and extract the rsl value from 
    that row.
    Now, a calculated rsl is also there. Difference of the calculated rsl and the rsl based on user bandwidth is
    Fade Margin.
    FADE MARGIN - The amount by which a received signal level may be reduced without causing system performance 
    to fall below a specified threshold value. It is mainly used to describe a communication system such as satellite, 
    for example a system like globalstar operates at 25-35 dB Fade margin.
    CHANGES IN FILES:
    NEW FILES: newfademargin.js

3. VALIDATIONS DONE FOR NEW RADIO ADDITION
    1. All values entered in the table must be non-empty.
    2. The Max column which is there in all the ubax/ub22 tables need to be eliminated.
    3. Validation for throughput. The throughput entered in row 2 must be greater than the
    throughput entered in row 1 of the table.
    4.  The Radio Name must not collide with the radio names of the existing radios.
    5. When radio details are submitted reset the input fields and delete the tables created for th 20, 40 and 80
    bandwidth.
    6. The previously existing table for ubax and ub22 have min/max of rsl in each row. New tables that are added
    just have the minimum rsl required to lock to that mcs. Need to bring the tables in line with one another.

4. SNR based MCS table reference 
    The mcs table must be referred with the min SNR and not min RSSI(Sensitivity).
    Make changes to the MCs table accordingly.
    CHANGE IN FEASIBILITY CHECK:
    Two check points are created now: 
    1. RSL checked against the snesitivity for the MCS locked.
    2. SNR checked against the Min SNR value for the MCS locked.

5. Interference Inclusion
    User based input for the Interference in any bandwidth.
    That value of Interference is then used in place of the noise floor to calculate the SNR.

6. PTMP MARKER ON CLICK
    A marker gets placed on the Map when we click on the Map. First click is supposed 
    to place a Master and second onwards would place the slaves while checking for the number of slaves to enter.
    To do this three files were changed: functions.js added the map listener, mastermap.js added a function which will
    add the lat long details in the respective fields and mastercoveragesector.js the polygon placing code has been given
    an attribute "clickable:false"
    